some of us are born loving technology and were more loving people and
it just seems like we never have enough time for either one of them
or both so the question is in the kinds of work I've done how much time
do you spend sitting with technology and how much time do you spend
with people I would have to tell you in both my military and then
civilian careers I spent probably equal amounts of time with both
those and I enjoyed that kind of balance in my life in my military time
there were lots of times we working it technically sure cryptologic
issue where you had to work alone and you had to tune out anybody
who's around but on the other hand almost everything I've done in
the military including best kind of analysis was done in a room full
of people doing the same sorts of things I was doing and people whom
you could turn and say Hey Joe have you been able to figure out how
the Abercrombie from food network's the need to know Dan how about
this one and you work it out together on the other hand as a civilian
yet nothing I love to do more than sit at my computer and I am in
the flow doing code that the world just goes away but when the other
things I love to do is go to a conference in running the booth and
talking everybody who comes to my boots but kinda work we do so I love
both in again civilian military fifty fifty technology and people